QUICK_START.md, before:

# Quick Start Guide

Get up and running with Agentforce SDO Assets in minutes!

## Prerequisites

- Salesforce org (Developer, Sandbox, or Production)
- Salesforce DX CLI installed (`sf` command)
- Admin or System Administrator access

## Step 1: Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/PatrickDennisSFDC/pat-dennis-agentforce-sdo-assets.git
cd pat-dennis-agentforce-sdo-assets
```

## Step 2: Authenticate with Your Org

```bash
sf org login web --alias myorg
```

Replace `myorg` with your preferred alias. This will open a browser window for authentication.

## Step 3: Deploy Everything

Deploy all Agentforce assets to your org:

```bash
sf project deploy start --source-dir force-app/main/default --target-org myorg
```

This deploys:
- All 35 CRUD action classes (Account, Contact, Opportunity, Case, Task, Meeting, Customer Order)
- Core utilities (AFUniversalCrmRecordAction, AFUniversalAnalyticsAction)
- Custom objects and fields (Meeting__c, Customer Order enhancements)
- Permission sets and profiles
- Page layouts

## Step 4: Assign the Permission Set (CRITICAL!)

The `Agent_Actions` permission set is **essential** - it grants access to all Apex classes, objects, and fields. Without it, agents won't be able to use any of these actions.

### Option A: Using the Deployment Script (Recommended)

```bash
./deploy.sh myorg
```

This script will:
1. Deploy all metadata
2. Assign the `Agent_Actions` permission set to your user
3. Verify the assignment

### Option B: Manual Assignment

```bash
# Assign to your current user
sf org assign permset --name Agent_Actions --target-org myorg

# Or assign to a specific user
sf org assign permset --name Agent_Actions --on-behalf-of user@example.com --target-org myorg
```

### Option C: Via Salesforce UI

1. Go to Setup → Users → Permission Sets
2. Find "Agent_Actions"
3. Click "Manage Assignments"
4. Add your user (or users who will use Agentforce)

## Step 5: Configure Agentforce

1. Navigate to **Setup → Agentforce Agents**
2. Create a new agent or edit an existing one
3. Go to the **Actions** tab
4. Add the deployed actions to your agent's action library:
   - Search for actions like "Create Account", "Find Contact", etc.
   - Add the ones you want your agent to use

## Step 6: Test It Out!

Try creating a simple agent interaction:

**Example**: "Create an account called Acme Corp"

The agent should be able to:
1. Call `AFAccountCreateAction`
2. Create the account
3. Return the account ID

## Optional: Populate Sample Data

If you want to test with sample data for Meeting or Customer Order objects:

```bash
# Populate Customer Order Line Item fields
sf apex run --file scripts/apex/populate-line-item-fields.apex --target-org myorg

# Populate distribution centers
sf apex run --file scripts/apex/populate-distribution-centers.apex --target-org myorg
```

## Troubleshooting

### "Permission denied" or "Insufficient access"
- **Solution**: Make sure you've assigned the `Agent_Actions` permission set (Step 4)

### "Action not found" in Agentforce
- **Solution**: Verify the deployment succeeded (Step 3) and refresh the Actions tab in Agentforce

### "Object not found" errors
- **Solution**: Ensure custom objects (Meeting__c, CustomerOrders__c) were deployed successfully

## What's Next?

- Read `AGENT_CONTEXT.md` for detailed architecture and design patterns
- Read `AGENT_RULES.md` for coding guidelines and best practices
- Read `README.md` for comprehensive documentation

## Need Help?

- Check the `README.md` for detailed documentation
- Review `AGENT_CONTEXT.md` for implementation details
- Open an issue in the GitHub repository

---

**Remember**: The `Agent_Actions` permission set is critical! Without it, none of the actions will work.

Commit message:

refactor: Rename permission set to Agentforce_SDO_CustomAssetPermissions
Renamed permission set from Agent_Actions to Agentforce_SDO_CustomAssetPermissions
to better reflect its purpose as a comprehensive permission set for all Agentforce
SDO custom assets.

Changes:
- Renamed permission set file and updated fullName/label
- Added comprehensive description explaining it grants full access to all
  Apex classes, custom objects, and fields in the repository
- Updated all references in documentation (README, QUICK_START, AGENT_RULES,
  AGENT_CONTEXT)
- Updated deploy.sh script to use new permission set name
- Successfully deployed to Salesforce org

The permission set description clearly states it provides complete access to
all components deployed as part of the Agentforce SDO Assets repository,
enabling AI agents to perform CRUD operations and interact with custom objects.

QUICK_START.md, after:

# Quick Start Guide

Get up and running with Agentforce SDO Assets in minutes!

## Prerequisites

- Salesforce org (Developer, Sandbox, or Production)
- Salesforce DX CLI installed (`sf` command)
- Admin or System Administrator access

## Step 1: Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/PatrickDennisSFDC/pat-dennis-agentforce-sdo-assets.git
cd pat-dennis-agentforce-sdo-assets
```

## Step 2: Authenticate with Your Org

```bash
sf org login web --alias myorg
```

Replace `myorg` with your preferred alias. This will open a browser window for authentication.

## Step 3: Deploy Everything

Deploy all Agentforce assets to your org:

```bash
sf project deploy start --source-dir force-app/main/default --target-org myorg
```

This deploys:
- All 35 CRUD action classes (Account, Contact, Opportunity, Case, Task, Meeting, Customer Order)
- Core utilities (AFUniversalCrmRecordAction, AFUniversalAnalyticsAction)
- Custom objects and fields (Meeting__c, Customer Order enhancements)
- Permission sets and profiles
- Page layouts

## Step 4: Assign the Permission Set (CRITICAL!)

The `Agentforce_SDO_CustomAssetPermissions` permission set is **essential** - it grants access to all Apex classes, objects, and fields. Without it, agents won't be able to use any of these actions.

### Option A: Using the Deployment Script (Recommended)

```bash
./deploy.sh myorg
```

This script will:
1. Deploy all metadata
2. Assign the `Agentforce_SDO_CustomAssetPermissions` permission set to your user
3. Verify the assignment

### Option B: Manual Assignment

```bash
# Assign to your current user
sf org assign permset --name Agentforce_SDO_CustomAssetPermissions --target-org myorg

# Or assign to a specific user
sf org assign permset --name Agentforce_SDO_CustomAssetPermissions --on-behalf-of user@example.com --target-org myorg
```

### Option C: Via Salesforce UI

1. Go to Setup → Users → Permission Sets
2. Find "Agentforce SDO Custom Asset Permissions"
3. Click "Manage Assignments"
4. Add your user (or users who will use Agentforce)

## Step 5: Configure Agentforce

1. Navigate to **Setup → Agentforce Agents**
2. Create a new agent or edit an existing one
3. Go to the **Actions** tab
4. Add the deployed actions to your agent's action library:
   - Search for actions like "Create Account", "Find Contact", etc.
   - Add the ones you want your agent to use

## Step 6: Test It Out!

Try creating a simple agent interaction:

**Example**: "Create an account called Acme Corp"

The agent should be able to:
1. Call `AFAccountCreateAction`
2. Create the account
3. Return the account ID

## Optional: Populate Sample Data

If you want to test with sample data for Meeting or Customer Order objects:

```bash
# Populate Customer Order Line Item fields
sf apex run --file scripts/apex/populate-line-item-fields.apex --target-org myorg

# Populate distribution centers
sf apex run --file scripts/apex/populate-distribution-centers.apex --target-org myorg
```

## Troubleshooting

### "Permission denied" or "Insufficient access"
- **Solution**: Make sure you've assigned the `Agentforce_SDO_CustomAssetPermissions` permission set (Step 4)

### "Action not found" in Agentforce
- **Solution**: Verify the deployment succeeded (Step 3) and refresh the Actions tab in Agentforce

### "Object not found" errors
- **Solution**: Ensure custom objects (Meeting__c, CustomerOrders__c) were deployed successfully

## What's Next?

- Read `AGENT_CONTEXT.md` for detailed architecture and design patterns
- Read `AGENT_RULES.md` for coding guidelines and best practices
- Read `README.md` for comprehensive documentation

## Need Help?

- Check the `README.md` for detailed documentation
- Review `AGENT_CONTEXT.md` for implementation details
- Open an issue in the GitHub repository

---

**Remember**: The `Agentforce_SDO_CustomAssetPermissions` permission set is critical! Without it, none of the actions will work.
